Unify sentiment documentation (#803)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/example_overview.md

# Examples

## Introduction

The examples should work in any of the following settings (with the same script):

>    - single CPU or single GPU

Reviewer: I don't think the examples can actually run on CPU right? E.g. if we activate 8-bit, the PPO example likely won't work IIRC
```suggestion
   - single GPU
```

   - multi GPUS (using PyTorch distributed mode)

>    - multi GPUS (using DeepSpeed ZeRO-Offload stages 1 & 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - multi GPUS (using DeepSpeed ZeRO-Offload stages 1, 2, & 3)
```

   - fp16 (mixed-precision), fp32 (normal precision), or bf16 (bfloat16 precision)

To run it in each of these various modes, first initialize the accelerate
configuration with `accelerate config`

> **NOTE for to train with a 4-bit or 8-bit model**, please run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE to train with a 4-bit or 8-bit model**, please run
```

```bash
pip install --upgrade trl[quantization]
```

## Accelerate Config

> For all the examples, you'll need to generate an `Accelerate` config with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all the examples, you'll need to generate a 🤗 Accelerate config file with:
```

| File                                                                                           | Description                                                                                                              |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`examples/scripts/sft_trainer.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/trl/blob/main/examples/scripts/sft_trainer.py) | This script shows how to use the `SFTTrainer` to fine tune a model or adapters into a target dataset.                     |
| [`examples/scripts/reward_trainer.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/trl/blob/main/examples/scripts/reward_trainer.py) | This script shows how to use the `RewardTrainer` to train a reward model on your own dataset.                            |
| [`examples/scripts/sentiment_tuning.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/trl/blob/main/examples/scripts/sentiment_tuning.py) | This script shows how to use the `PPOTrainer` to fine-tune a sentiment analysis model using IMDB dataset                 |

> | [`examples/scripts/multi_adapter_rl.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/trl/blob/main/examples/scripts/multi_adapter_rl.py) | This script shows how to use the `PPOTrainer` to train a single base model with multiple adapters. Requires you to run the example script with the reward model training beforehand. |

Reviewer: Should we eventually migrate the DPO script here as well?

Author: Yes, DPO / any other examples should be documented here eventually. Probably similar to https://docs.cleanrl.dev/rl-algorithms/overview/

# Examples

> _The best place to learn about examples in TRL is our [docs page](https://huggingface.co/docs/trl/index)!_

Reviewer 2: Since people are already in the docs this is not necessary, right?

```suggestion
```

## Introduction

The examples should work in any of the following settings (with the same script):
   - single CPU or single GPU
   - multi GPUS (using PyTorch distributed mode)
   - multi GPUS (using DeepSpeed ZeRO-Offload stages 1 & 2)

>    - fp16 (mixed-precision) or fp32 (normal precision)

Reviewer 2: also bf16

To run it in each of these various modes, first initialize the accelerate
configuration with `accelerate config`

**NOTE for to train with a 8-bit model a more recent version of**

> transformers is required, for example:

Reviewer 2: The formatting of this is a bit odd. Maybe also mention 4-bit. Also the installation command actually installs bnb and peft and not transformers?

We also have some other examples that are less maintained but can be used as a reference:
1. **[research_projects](https://github.com/huggingface/trl/tree/main/examples/research_projects)**: Check out this folder to find the scripts used for some research projects that used TRL (LM de-toxification, Stack-Llama, etc.)

## Distributed training

All of the scripts can be run on multiple GPUs by providing the path of an 🤗 Accelerate config file when calling `accelerate launch`. To launch one of them on $N$ GPUs, use:

```shell
accelerate launch --config_file=examples/accelerate_configs/multi_gpu.yaml --num_processes {NUM_GPUS} path_to_script.py --all_arguments_of_the_script
```

You can also adjust the parameters of the 🤗 Accelerate config file to suit your needs (e.g. training in mixed precision).

### Distributed training with DeepSpeed

Most of the scripts can be run on multiple GPUs together with DeepSpeed ZeRO-{1,2,3} for efficient sharding of the optimizer states, gradients, and model weights. To do so, run:

```shell

> accelerate launch --config_file=examples/accelerate_configs/deepspeed_zero{1,2,3}.yaml --num_processes {NUM_GPUS} path_to_script.py --all_arguments_of_the_script

Reviewer 2: maybe add a note that people can adapt the deepspeed configs to their needs?

Author: Above that there was already "You can also adjust the parameters of the 🤗 Accelerate config file to suit your needs (e.g. training in mixed precision)." I added some more docs
